[man] When I agreed
to launder money for Townsend,
you said it would fly under the radar.
Now I've got the IRS
breathing down my neck.
Have you spoken with any associates
about our arrangement?
Did you hear? I could go to prison.
-Your associates, do they know?
-Just Charlie.
I had to. He does our accounting.
I don't have a good feeling about this.
Do you?
Corporate sent this guy
to advise about the IRS thing.
He's like a consultant.
We have nothing to worry about.
Companies get audited all the time.
Yeah. Right.
[dramatic music playing]
I think we're all set here.
What's the plan?
You said you were taking care of this!
I've already taken care of it.
By this time tomorrow,
the audit will be closed.
If it's taken care of, why are you here?
To ask you to move away from the window.
Wait, wait, wait.
Please.
-No. No, no.
-[silenced gunshot]
[chattering]
Ladies, if you don't mind.
Where's Charlie?
I don't know. He was here. Should we wait?
No need. This will be quick.
[silenced gunshots]
Send in the crew. It's time to disinfect.
Tell Obenrader there's one loose end.
How's Teva?
She graduates from Boston University
in May.
It's been four years?
-She wouldn't be there if it not for him.
-No, no, no. It was all Teva.
Although I do write
an excellent recommendation letter.
It's an endangered talent.
I hope you asked me here
to pay back the favor.
You need something boosted,
tell me where and when, I'll send me crew.
Thom, rumor has it
your crew does work for Neville Townsend.
We freelance for him.
The occasional gig. He picks the target,
we do the job. Proceeds get split 60-40.
Actually, they don't.
What are you talking about?
Luis Espinoza. You know him?
Sure. The jobs for Townsend,
he assigns them.
To you and everyone else.
Espinoza manages all of Townsend's
heisting and boosting,
his capers and pilferage.
He decides which crews work on which jobs.
Now, you take 40 percent.
The crews he prefers to assign
take 30 and kick back 10 to him.
Knowing you to be a principled thief,
I assume that's not a wheel
you are greasing.
It's not. Which could explain why Espinoza
just pulled us off a job in Berlin.
Our take would've been seven figures.
Ten percent of which
is now being paid to him
by the crew he sent in your place.
That sniveling weasel.
-Does Townsend know?
-I don't believe so.
If he did, Espinoza would be out.
And here I thought
it was my turn to do you the favor.
[knocking on door]
Please congratulate Teva for us.
If she's interested in law school,
I know the predilections
of several Ivy League deans.
-Nice to see you, old friend.
-You too.
-Thom McCarty?
-Yeah. We know each other?
No. Only by reputation.
Thom, this is Donald Ressler.
Careful what you say. Black shoes,
cheap suit, flat stomach, regulation cut.
Don't get me wrong, he's bent,
just not as bent as we might like.
-I'll be on me way, then.
-Safe travels, Thom.
-Why must you always be early?
-Why must you only associate with crooks?
Criminals, Donald, not crooks.
Call a prostitute an escort,
she's still a hooker.
After all these years, you still see
the world in black and white.
Oh, I see in gray.
I just do my best to avoid it.
Along with small talk.
You said you had a case?
More like a riddle.
I recently learned
that Townsend laundered money
through a listing agency
called Kelmund Realty.
Unfortunately, the cooked books
came to the attention of the IRS.
-Sounds fortunate to me.
-If looked at in black and white.
The gray of it is,
72 hours after the IRS gave Kelmund
notice of an audit,
they no longer exist.
They vanished.
The employees, their accounts,
employment records,
articles of incorporation, gone,
along with the IRS audit.
So the riddle is how they pulled off
this magic trick.
It's not the how, Donald. It's the who.
Nicholas Obenrader.
[Ressler] 2009, Yakuza profits dip
during the Great Recession.
2012, Brazil's two largest gangs merge.
2018,
the head of Le Milieu is assassinated,
creating a power vacuum.
Three continents,
three criminal enterprises in crisis,
and, according to Reddington,
one common thread: Nicholas Obenrader.
A management consultant
to criminal organizations.
For the Yakuza, he rerouted laundered
assets through tax havens like Ireland.
He was a headhunter for Le Milieu.
In Brazil, he oversaw
the downsizing after the merger.
How do you downsize a criminal enterprise?
Do people get a golden parachute
or a bullet to the head?
Dump and cover. We're out of here in 15.
Mr. Obenrader,
this is the one Becker said got away.
Tell Becker he's fired.
I don't like loose ends.
I'll take care of this one myself.
[Ressler] Obenrader's in-house
for Townsend.
[Aram] That's why he gave us this case.
If Townsend hired Obenrader
as his consultant,
he'll know everything
about his organization.
It's done.
I still have one more loose end to tie up.
But your IRS problem
is no longer a problem.
Good, because it seems I may have
another problem I need your help with.
It's come to my attention that Espinoza
may be feathering his own nest.
If that's true,
I'll be looking for a replacement.
[Park] Do we have photos of Obenrader?
No photos, prints, or surveillance.
Obenrader's an alias.
We know what he does, just not who he is.
He may have made Kelmund Realty
disappear on paper,
-[phone rings]
-but they had an office.
Go to it. See what you can find.
Harold Cooper.
Have you read the messages?
The ones Reddington
and his handler exchanged.
Yes, we all have. You're on with the team.
Well, what did they say?
Any news on these mysterious assets?
No. The messages were urgent and vague.
But we were able to identify an address,
a cafe in Paris.
It was referred to a couple of times
in past messages and once recently.
We're hoping to pull a surveillance image
or maybe get a positive ID on the handler.
I'm sending Aram to investigate.
April in Paris.
Have fun at the strip mall.
[Agnes] Mommy, I'm done.
Oh. I'll be right there, honey.
Agnes. How's she doing?
She's really good.
But I think we'll all be a lot better
when this is done.
So, what's the address in Paris?
I wanna help.
I think it would be best
if we took care of this.
I'm the reason you know to go to Paris.
I got you the messages to decrypt.
Which is why we shared with you
what they said.
If Aram gets a positive ID
on Reddington's handler,
will you share that with me too?
No. But hopefully we can question him
and find out what he knows.
What he knows is Reddington is N-13.
If or when he tells us that,
we will take the appropriate action.
Appropriate action? Against Reddington?
We all know that's never gonna happen.
[Cooper]
It will if he's an enemy of the state.
Sit tight, let us do our job.
I sometimes forget.
All this, and she has a child with her.
Liz's mom abandoned her.
She would never do the same to Agnes.
I don't understand
why you think this is a crime scene.
Two and two doesn't equal five.
Did they skip out on the rent?
No. They're paid up
for the next six months.
-Any forwarding address?
-No address, no phone number.
-What bank was the rent check drawn from?
-They paid cash.
[Ressler] Okay, so let's do the math.
They disappear
after paying half a year's rent in cash,
leave no forwarding address
or phone number,
and all of this after they find out
that the IRS is auditing them.
Does that add up to you?
Office was scrubbed.
No prints or personal effects,
but there's one thing you should see.
Found blood on the windowsill
in the back storage room.
Run it for DNA.
See if we can't get a match.
-Looks like we got a runner.
-Yeah. But from what?
[grunting]
-If now's not a good time--
-Loyalty, Godwin. Loyalty and trust.
Nothing matters more.
About that. I'm concerned
Keen may be feeding the FBI information.
Or she's using them
to feed information to us.
You asked me to monitor
her communications with them.
Her contact is Agent Donald Ressler.
Who's whispering sweet nothings to whom?
[Godwin] We'll know soon.
Keen changes her burner regularly,
but Ressler's phone is FBI-issue.
I reached out to our bureau asset.
We're up on his line.
I trust Keen.
But then again, I trusted Espinoza!
And look what that got me.
My problem is, I'm just too trusting.
Aren't I, Mr. Espinoza?
Call Obenrader.
Tell him to put his headhunter hat on.
Tell him that Espinoza's
employment contract has been terminated.
[Ressler]
The blood belonged to a Charles Totten.
Must have cut himself trying to escape.
The employees at Kelmund Realty
didn't disappear.
They were professionally cleaned,
along with their prints and hard drives.
We sent a unit to Totten's home.
He's not answering his phone.
We traced a credit-card purchase
to a gas station in Deer Lake.
Homeowners in the area include
a William Totten. Could be his brother.
If you're right and Totten is a loose end,
Obenrader knows and will wanna tie it off.
We need to get to him first.
Hello.
[car door opens]
-Whoa. Whoa.
-Hey.
What are you doing here? Who's he?
Oh, Rocco's my security.
Rocco. Rocco. Really?
I hope there's a croissant in there.
I am starving.
[dramatic music playing]
Ah! Yes.
Did Mr. Cooper change his mind
about you helping out?
I don't know. Maybe.
Maybe, which means no, which means
you're not supposed to be here.
This is so delicious.
-You want a bite?
-Not anymore.
-Don't be a spoilsport.
-I wasn't until you showed up.
And just how did you show up?
How exactly did you find me?
Well, I know the FBI
flies into Le Bourget.
I know you use G5s.
Le Bourget, G5.
Et voilà! Shall we?
[stammering]
Whoa. You are not going in there with me.
I did not come all this way
just to eat your croissant.
Fine.
But we go in as cops, not criminals.
We follow the rules.
-Can you do that?
-There's only one way to find out.
Wait. Please wait.
[jazz playing over speakers]
[speaking in French]
Excuse me. Good morning.
Agents Mojtabai
and Keen. We work for the... FBI.
[in English] So what?
Ah. [speaks in French]
You speak English.
[in English] He speaks English.
Okay, magnifique.
So we believe
that two people we're investigating
have met here on a number of occasions.
Now, we know who one of the men is,
but not the other and, well,
looking at your security footage
would go a long way
to helping us figure that out.
Forget it. I'm not helping you.
-I'm a bartender, not an informant.
-No, no, no.
Believe me, I understand, but these are
really bad people doing terrible things.
Yeah? Like what?
Well, for starters, they love
pointing guns at people's heads.
Whoa. No! Whoa. Rocco, Rocco!
And when they don't get their way,
they pull the trigger.
He said you are FBI.
He's FBI.
Rocco's certifiable...
so how about those security feeds?
[footsteps approaching]
-Remy, how was the race?
-Unfinished.
I found him
right at the end of the biking leg.
Imagine my surprise
seeing Dembe in Sarasota.
-I know. I haven't called you back.
-It's true. You have been dodgy.
But if you had picked up when I called,
I never would have learned
there was such a singularly dreadful thing
as an Ironman.
You've never heard of an Ironman?
Not unless you're referring
to Rodin's Balzac.
There's a funny phrase, "Rodin's Balzac."
Although that's bronze, not iron, so, no,
I've never heard of one. Please, hydrate.
And answer the question
I called you about.
[tense music playing]
You said you wanted to talk to Priya.
She's my most valuable asset.
Which is why
I want her to be an asset of mine.
If she agrees,
I'll compensate you for your loss.
Pennies on the dollar.
"Pennies on the dollar"?
Dembe, are you listening to this?
Penny--? I've never paid
pennies on the dollar in my life.
If I'm known for anything,
it's for overpaying.
He's forever trying
to get me to show some restraint.
But we can resolve this right now.
I can get Edward to take it up
to a few thousand feet,
circle back around,
come in over the 18th hole,
and drop you right into the grandstand.
We've done it before,
I'm sure we'll do it again.
[suspenseful music playing]
She's in London.
A client hired her to recover a rare book.
She's schedule to deliver it to him
at Ingram Rare Books in Kensington.
Good. Off you go.
Dembe will drop you wherever you like.
If I were you, I'd like the finish line.
I wanna ask you a question.
And I need an honest answer.
Okay.
If the bartender hadn't
given us the surveillance video,
would you have let Rocco shoot him?
No.
Is Agnes really doing well?
She really is.
Where we live is quiet and peaceful.
I found this amazing woman
to help me with her.
How do you do it?
Stay ahead of us, fight Mr. Reddington,
raise a kid.
I'm not giving you
the Good Housekeeping seal of approval,
but the fact that you can do it all...
I mean, I sit by my computer all day,
and by 8:00, I'm in my pajamas,
eating rainbow sherbet,
watching reruns of Our Planet.
-Thank you.
-It was a question, not a compliment.
It sounded like an acknowledgment.
I don't get a lot of that nowadays.
Can't believe you ate my croissant.
Of all the things you've done,
that might be one of the worst.
I've done some awful things.
I know. That's how much
I was looking forward to eating it.
I'll tell you what. After this is over,
I'll buy you a pâtisserie.
You're that rich?
Whoever said crime doesn't pay
wasn't very good at it.
[mutters indistinctly]
Whoa, whoa.
There we go.
[suspenseful music playing]
There's Mr. Reddington.
Which means
that little fella must be his handler.
Can I help you?
Agents Ressler and Park. FBI.
Are you William Totten?
Yes. What can I do for you?
-We're looking for your brother Charles.
-Oh, he's not here. Is everything okay?
We'll need to ask you
a few questions about him.
Of course. Come on in.
When was the last time
you saw your brother?
Gosh, must be a couple weeks ago now.
We believe he was in the area yesterday.
He didn't check in?
No. I mean, he comes up here
sometimes to fish, but it's...
[ominous music playing]
Is he in trouble?
[Ressler] I wish I could tell you,
but our investigation's ongoing.
Hands!
[dramatic music playing]
Whoever you are, you're under arrest.
[handcuffs clicking]
[Obenrader]
I don't know who the dead guy is,
and I don't remember how I got there.
All I know
is that I'm not saying any more.
His name was Charles Totten.
So we're clear, the CIA's filing paperwork
to move you to a black site
if you don't start talking about
your relationship with Neville Townsend.
-Sir.
-[knocking on door]
Sir, we got a hit.
I enhanced the image of the man
Mr. Reddington was meeting with in Paris
and ran his face in the database.
Russia desk
kicked him back as one Ivan Stepanov.
He's SVR?
Officially, yes.
Not so officially, he's believed to be
a high-ranking member of Zaslon,
running black op around the globe.
So Keen was right.
Reddington's using coded messages
to arrange clandestine meetings
with a known Russian intelligence officer.
[cell phone rings]
-What are you gonna tell Mr. Reddington?
-About this and Keen? Not a word.
-How was she?
-Infuriating.
But I'd be lying if I said it didn't
feel good to be on the same team again.
I know. Reddington.
Harold. Where are you with Obenrader?
Any progress?
More than.
Agents Park and Ressler brought him in.
Park's interrogating him.
So we're right on schedule.
On schedule for what?
Harold, I'm afraid I have to come clean.
I haven't been entirely forthright
with you on this case,
and I know we discussed being more open
and honest with each other.
We have.
The truth is, I have no expectation
that Mr. Obenrader will talk,
let alone reveal any meaningful details
about Townsend or his organization.
Mr. Obenrader understands the blowback
on his loved ones would be far too great.
-We'll see about that.
-Hold on, Harold.
I didn't put him on your radar
so you could play detective.
I put the man on your radar
so you could help me make a new friend.
How is that supposed to happen?
We're not only in bed with Reddington,
but getting into bed with Priya Laghari?
-Correct.
-Back up. Who's Priya Laghari?
Only a world-renowned thief
who dabbles in jewels and art.
And classified intelligence.
She's been on our radar for years,
but we never came close to catching her.
So instead of arresting her,
we're gonna work with her.
Why enable Reddington,
when he's been lying to us?
Not to pile on, but we did learn
Mr. Reddington has been canoodling
with a Russian intelligence operative
in Paris.
Neville Townsend is dangerous,
to the public and to Elizabeth.
Anything that gets us
closer to him is a win.
I'd rather keep Reddington close
while we look into
his relationship with Ivan Stepanov.
If he finds out we're investigating,
he'll kill him like he killed Rakitin.
Agreed. He better not find out.
We could pull Stepanov off the street.
He's Russian.
The DOJ's never going to approve that.
Liz wouldn't need their approval.
I know. It's a terrible idea
that completely sucks.
We can't trust her. She's not an agent.
And abducting an SVR agent is illegal
and could lead to a huge scandal
if anyone ever found out.
But just let it suck for a second.
-Okay. Still sucks.
-[Cooper] Agree. It's a terrible idea.
But it's possible
that every other idea's worse.
We can't go through official channels
to question an SVR agent.
Yet we find ourselves working with a CI
who may be that SVR agent's
top asset in this country.
You said it.
If Reddington finds out that
we know about Stepanov, he may kill him.
Try as we might to keep it from him,
we know that Reddington
will probably find out what we know.
Which means we have a narrow window
to find and question Stepanov.
Reach out to Keen.
[automated voice] Record at the tone.
[Ressler] Keen. It's me. Reddington's
handler's name is Ivan Stepanov.
He's SVR. Likely tied in with Zaslon.
We can't get to him. Not officially.
So Cooper sanctioned an extraction,
and he wants you to do the extracting.
[rings]
Do you have it?
-How did you get it through Customs?
-Packed in my underwear in my suitcase.
You packed a lost book
from the 14th century with your knickers?
You want it or not?
The cash is inside.
[pensive music playing]
[grunts]
Oh, my God.
[groaning]
Oh, my stars.
I've dozed off in caves and coffins,
even squeezed between the inside
and outside of the hull of a cargo plane,
but my hand to God, I have not
slept that soundly since math class.
What's going on? How did you get in here?
Uh-uh. Priya, not so fast.
-I'll get to the bottom of this.
-I wouldn't bet on it.
What is this?
This is where Nigel walks
so you and I can talk.
Please close the door.
I'd like this part to be private.
[Ressler on recording] Reddington's
handler's name is Ivan Stepanov.
He's SVR, likely tied in with Zaslon.
We can't get to him. Not officially.
So Cooper sanctioned an extraction,
and he wants you to do the extracting.
How long ago was this?
No more than ten minutes.
Any contact since?
[Vandyke] If she called him,
it wasn't on the cell we tapped.
Sir, I believe you have to ask yourself
why Miss Keen is working with the bureau.
She said she came to you
because she couldn't trust the bureau.
-They couldn't trust her.
-[Vandyke] If they're right,
if they've ID'd Reddington's handler,
that's a game changer.
Have our people in Moscow
get eyes on Stepanov,
and tell Roman to assemble a team.
What about Keen?
[Townsend] Give her a job,
doesn't matter what it is.
Keep her here and keep her occupied
until we know what we're dealing with.
Elizabeth, you have a moment?
Mr. Townsend's asking.
Uh... Sure thing. What's going on?
This is a first.
Typically, clients want me to
break into safes, not meet inside of them.
I would think it a terrible curse
to be typical.
Let me guess. I stole something from you.
A painting, jewelry?
Your heart?
I want to be your angel.
Not interested.
I imagine they'd be terribly expensive,
these heists you pull.
All those gadgets and gizmos,
the glass-cutters and suction cups.
Have you ever scaled a glass building?
-It's on my list.
-Good.
I hope that list is a long one.
Because whatever is on it,
I'm here to provide.
Not just money or toys, they're easy.
I'm talking about a life.
One where you can
walk away from your clients
and thieve just for the fun of it.
I know who you are.
Then you know I can afford to make this
the last job you ever have to take.
One job. That's all I need.
-What do I have to steal?
-Nothing.
I want you to infiltrate
Neville Townsend's organization.
Get up.
What's going on?
You're taking a trip.
[Obenrader] Where are you taking me?
[pensive music playing]
You can't just transport me.
I have rights.
I haven't spoken to my lawyer.
Where you're headed, Nicholas,
you don't get a lawyer.
D-6 inbound. Cargo on deck.
[man] Copy that.
-He give you any trouble?
-No. Is that the paperwork?
Who are these guys? What is this?
We gave you a chance. It's their turn.
Whose turn? Where are you taking me?
It's a long flight.
You gotta take a whiz, do that now.
Gun!
[gunshots]
What's going on? Who are you?
I can tell you who we're not. The CIA.
And that's good news for you.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
[groans]
Think he bought it?
I mean, I bought it.
You know what I love?
I love a good mystery.
Like, what's in all these boxes?
Of course, a mystery is only as good
as the story around it.
So here's yours...
Ten minutes ago,
you were headed for a black site,
scratchy polyester jumpsuits,
bright lights all night, horrific food,
crushing solitude.
Irrelevance.
I appreciate what you did.
I would happily return the favor
by doing a thorough overview
of your entire organization,
-free of charge.
-[laughs]
Oh, my gosh.
The things you'd find.
Square pegs in round holes,
misfits and outliers.
But you know what? I like it that way.
I trust how it feels.
The only things I consult
are my gut and my friend.
Why did your gut tell you to save me?
How do you know it wasn't my friend?
But I digress.
Neville Townsend asked you to find someone
to manage the heist crews he employs.
I have a candidate.
I don't discuss client business.
I'm sure you can appreciate
the need for discretion.
I can and I do.
But I find myself in the unusual position
where indiscretion
is the better part of valor.
So allow me to be indiscreet.
"Spoiler alert," as they say.
The boxes contain an exhaustive
archival record of your clients.
Names, dates, numbers.
A who, what, where, when and how
of your livelihood.
That's the mystery. My client list.
It is.
And what I might do with your client list.
Who's the candidate?
Priya Laghari.
I assume her reputation precedes her.
The Iranian nuclear deal.
The Matisse in Rotterdam.
Normally I'd consider myself lucky
to find a worthy replacement.
Luck had nothing to do with it.
I need someone
inside Townsend's organization.
So I soured him on Espinoza.
Townsend took him out,
called you in, and here we are.
I consult with Mr. Townsend
about personnel,
avoiding redundancy
and profit maximization.
I have no interest
in his politics or rivalries.
Or in placing a mole
within his organization.
Fine. Then you can volunteer.
I consult with Mr. Townsend virtually
or over the phone. We've never met.
I don't even know where he works.
Miss Laghari, then.
Advocate for her
and you can keep your client list
to yourself.
[Townsend] Obenrader raved about her.
You can see why.
Laghari has an outstanding resume.
Why are you showing this to me?
I value your opinion.
About what thief to hire?
We're partners in going after Reddington.
When that ends,
I'm hoping our partnership can continue.
Don't say no until you let me
show you more of what I do.
Starting with Laghari.
I'd like you to bring her in.
Now? I have a meeting with someone else.
Excuse me. I've heard from Vandyke.
[tense music playing]
The pickup instructions are in the file.
This is important to me.
This person you're supposed to meet,
is there any chance
you can meet them later?
Of course.
Our man in Moscow
confirmed Stepanov's location.
I want it done quickly.
I've stalled Keen,
but she may already have assets
on the ground.
What you said,
about briefing her on what we do,
if she's working with the FBI--
"If" does me no good.
I need confirmation.
The best way to get it
is by pretending to trust her
when I don't.
[Park] Remind me what we're doing.
We'll track Laghari
from her pickup point to Townsend.
Why are we doing that?
Can't Laghari just tell us his location
once she gets there?
She's spying for us.
[Ressler] She's spying for Reddington.
In exchange for cooperating,
Cooper got Reddington
to agree to let us follow her
to where Townsend works or lives.
[upbeat music playing]
I have a 20. East side, heading north.
Okay. Here we go.
What about Keen? We're working with her
to find Reddington's handler.
-Why can't she tell us?
-[Ressler] I wish she would.
But she won't until it's done.
[Aram] What's done?
[Ressler] I wish I knew.
[cell phone ringing]
[Jax] Blue van. By the curb.
We got a blue Chevy Astro van,
7th Street side.
Where am I supposed to sit?
You're not.
Right this way.
I got the tail.
You got a signal?
[Aram] Like taking candy from a kid.
Not that I would.
Except once, I had this mad craving
for a Butterfinger.
But, you know, it was Halloween,
-and I was a kid too.
-[cell phone rings]
Tell me you're calling from Moscow.
I am not. I don't know what's going on.
Townsend sent me to do something.
It's like he knows.
[Ressler] What makes you think that?
[Liz] The job, it's... make-work.
[Vandyke] It's a live call.
Something you give someone
to keep them from doing something else.
Okay. Agent Park, turning west
on Claiborne. You have eyes?
[Park] Copy. West on Claiborne.
So, what about Moscow?
I was able to send someone.
[Aram] Looks like they're stopping.
Keep your distance.
-[Ressler] Any word on the extraction?
-No. It shouldn't be a problem.
If you're right and he suspects
we're working together...
[Liz] We're not working together.
We have the same goal.
So does Townsend.
We're aligned against Reddington.
Maybe.
But if Townsend knew
that we were even talking,
I doubt he'd be so understanding.
I'll call you as soon as I know.
[Godwin] You wanted confirmation.
You just got it.
She's not wrong.
-We're all aligned against Reddington.
-Yeah.
But based on that call I'd say
she and the feds are aligned against us.
That's not what I heard.
You weren't listening.
You think you're giving her
rope to hang herself.
I fear you've maybe given her
rope to hang all of us.
This was easy.
Or not. Her driver just left her.
-Maybe there's another pickup.
-I don't think there is.
[dramatic music playing]
[Aram] What's going on? Is she there?
[sighs]
You were right.
It was like taking candy from a kid.
Only we were the kids.
[dramatic music playing]
Priya Laghari.
I feel as if
I'm in the presence of greatness.
It's a fact. Not a feeling.
May I kiss the ring,
which I assume was stolen at Cannes?
St. Moritz.
A trophy that once belonged
to a trophy wife.
As touching as this is to watch,
I'm gonna go.
Of course. Go, go-- Oh.
Your appointment.
I hope you were able to reschedule it.
Turned out not to be a problem.
I was able to send someone in my place.
-Were you?
-Yeah.
Please tell me it's done.
I'm meeting the team in ten.
It'll be done in 20.
Sit tight. I got this.
That's right. A hole.
In the floor of the van?
We don't know where or when she got out.
So we're totally reliant on Reddington.
Whatever Laghari finds out about Townsend,
she'll tell him.
We're gonna trust he tells us?
He might. Normally he wouldn't.
Normally he's got an agenda
that we do not know about.
But this time we want the same thing.
I think.
If we wanted the same thing,
Reddington wouldn't have let Obenrader go.
[Park] If we'd arrested Obenrader,
then it may have tipped Townsend
that Laghari's a plant.
Maybe when this is all over,
Reddington will circle back to Obenrader.
You know, I'll include your optimism
in my debrief to Cooper.
Us and Mr. Reddington,
we're totally in sync on this, right?
[dramatic music playing]
[Raymond sighs]
We'll hear when we hear.
I know. But why haven't we heard?
Camus thinks the world is meaningless,
and that happiness comes from
accepting that nothing matters.
He's an absurdist.
And we live in a Theatre of the Absurd.
Getting the FBI to believe
they helped us insert a spy
when in fact
they helped us insert an assassin.
I'm sure it's not jewels you're after.
What is it you want me to steal?
All of it.
That's a lot.
At any one time,
our organization is tracking a variety
of vulnerable and defenseless assets.
Contraband in transport.
Exposed money-laundering sites.
We don't discriminate.
We take when we can.
What are we talking about?
About putting you under contract.
Paying you to identify items
that we might steal.
Mr. Townsend.
I'm terribly sorry to interrupt,
but it's a matter that can't wait.
Excuse me.
It's about Moscow.
[men whispering indistinctly]
Miss Laghari, it appears that
something has come up.
If you'll excuse me.
[grunting]
-I heard from the Russia desk.
-What is it?
Moscow's lighting up.
Ivan Stepanov was abducted
from his apartment in the Pokrovsky Hills.
-Keen.
-She must have gotten to him.
She make contact?
No. I left several messages,
but she hasn't picked up.
Let's assume that's good.
[Liz] I thought you said it was done.
It was about to be. That's when
the place started swarming with cops.
-I can't believe this.
-Not just regular cops.
Someone rang a bell and there's
important-looking people here.
Get out of there.
You think this is the work
of your friends in the FBI?
I have no idea what to think.
[footsteps approaching]
Is it done?
I haven't heard from Laghari.
But I just heard from Moscow.
What? What happened?
Our friend...
he's been taken.
[ominous music playing]
[Townsend] Do you know who I am?
Because I know who you are.
You're the one who created the archive
that destroyed my family.
I also know
you continue to feed intel to N-13.
Katarina Rostova was N-13.
And Katarina Rostova is dead.
Yes, but Katarina Rostova was framed.
Which means I dedicated my life
to the hatred of an innocent woman.
But you know that.
Just like I know
you're working with Reddington.
What I don't know is why.
Why you protect him. Why you help him.
Why... my family had to die
so that you could carry out
whatever plan you two are hatching.
I have a lot of whys.
Let's hope you're prepared
to offer some answers.
[theme music playing]